hello guys this is Silicon Valley
[Music]
and the Silicon Valley is something that
goes from San Francisco down to San Jose
I'm running my set up here and I wanted
to tell you what life looks like in in
the Silicon Valley here you just see
tourists I'm actually waiting for my
boob work I just found my doctor and I'm
going to give an interview to a YouTube
channel to a girl who runs a YouTube
called startup chicks and I'm going to
be featured there so I have to move
really quickly the interview starts in
an hour
so I'm ammonia just arrived with a
Caltrain it took me 1 hour and 10
minutes to get here I'm using my clipper
card which is like an official card for
the coal train it cost around six
dollars to get from San Francisco to
here and this place has completely
different vibe very residential but at
the same time it has really big offices
like Google and Facebook and now waiting
for my door and I'm going to see my
investor to invest in our company here
in a half ago and I'm very excited to
updating and one of progress and we're
meeting at Starbucks and keep working at
Google
[Music]
this is the best thought to tell you how
the Silicon Valley looks like when we
realize that we're going to the Silicon
Valley like oh my god Silicon Valley
should be the place where all the tall
buildings are and you know Robert
walking in the streets and I was like oh
my god this is the place of the future
when we first came here I realized this
is actually this looks like a village
like a countryside okay you have a lot
of offices but everything was like two
stories so look at the building behind
me this is a very typical building for
the Silicon Valley but the thing is this
place has all of the best minds from all
over the world and if you have your own
startup this is the best place to come
and you connect to people who can add
value to your company to connect with
investors the best accelerators in the
world which are Y Combinator at that
accelerators Dropbox Airbnb stripe and
then 500 startup accelerator that
accelerated my company languages and a
lot of other cool companies another
thing that you should know guys Google
has free bikes I'm going to take this
one now and go to another Google campus
I'll bet in full but if you see this
bike outside Google campus I probably
know that somebody just took it and is
writing it for free because there is no
security to take reminders guys if
you're coming to the Silicon Valley this
is a must experience riding a Google
like across the Google's campus you can
go anywhere like the campus is huge if
you're there it's still the campus they
have basketball grounds they have
volleyball they have whatever you want
they have cafeteria just like a little
google town the guy Sergey Brin's
originally from Russia came to the state
immigrated with his parents and build
the company that is used by for billions
of people all over the world this is the
American Dream story in the Silicon
Valley that you come here with an idea
you work like crazy and you believe in
your idea and then your idea changes the
world this is what the Silicon Valley is
about
and here nobody shows off their money
their wealth here everybody showing of
their impact for example if you're
talking about an app that you have you
wouldn't say oh we're making like
hundred K a month in subscriptions you
would say my app is used by 6 million
people every day and this is what really
matters here like making this impact
that's why you wouldn't see a lot of
people like showing off riding Ferraris
or Lamborghinis this is not the style
people would drive to Europe Rio's here
or a Tesla maximum so they wouldn't show
up if somebody showing you he's probably
not from here you just came here
everybody invests in their project in
people and not in like three sets of
cars and Rick this outfit all right I'm
done riding the bike and I'm calling it
over and Boober is going to take me
downtown Mountain View exactly where our
story started where we got into the
accelerator where we went to 500 Sato
because 500 Tardos accent is della
lingua Tripp is a marketplace where we
connect language learners to language
immersion support now 800 million people
are learning a foreign language 90
percent cannot speak it I was born and
raised in Russia and I was one of those
90% I have been learning English for
nine years before I first came to the UK
and realized I cannot speak it but I
spent two weeks hanging out in front of
Big Ben staying with the local family
and taking classes every day and I was
able to take my English to the level
that I needed and do you hear the strong
Russian accent now no you don't because
few weeks of full immersion abroad give
you the same progress as six months of
studying the language at home thank you
it seems like everything is super small
but there is no public transport the
uber is the public transport and if
you're taking an uber so it's going to
take me like 10 minutes to get to
downtown
smells Mew and I'm going to pay $3 and
if you haven't used an uber yet use my
promo code below and you're going to get
$20 off your first ride which is pretty
cool
waiting for my taxi and I'm going to
show you down to Mum you so behind me is
beat building where everything for
linguae trip and for my American Journey
status this is 500 office and it's the
tallest building among you like
literally has what
ten floors this is the best place for
every set of to come and to build your
initial Network who raised the initial
capital make sure you're coming in
coming here with a working idea or with
some money because everything is pretty
expensive here and the prices are high
because of the salaries that people get
paid here for example if we take an
engineer who writes code the standard
like average salary in a big company
would be like 120 K a year and that's
excluding all the benefits that a
company provides and this can include
for example I've been to the Google
office in San Francisco and they have a
massage room and you can come and have
massage anytime you have an amazing
health insurance the covers pretty much
everything you can also do like ten
massages a week to create I'm not sure
but you can do massages definitely for
free on that insurance and you get a lot
of freedom so you don't have to come to
the office every day at 9:00 a.m. you
can come whenever you want do whatever
you want we just need to get your things
done and because they earn so much money
and there are so many benefits the
prices are going up every year and to
rent a one-bedroom apartment here cost
$2,500 an average
this is the car that you was most often
seen with Silicon Valley to Tesla and it
have a dedicated video about it how to
try to travel and you might wonder where
the Silicon Valley got its name from so
previously was to please or the silicon
chip chips like technical stuff and
that's why we're the silicon word comes
from and the valley is like because it's
a valley right so it's the Silicon
Valley and in this kind of wannabe
anyone has ever happened
let's go shopping sigh kombucha
my foot it was my favorite chocolatier
Organic
[Music]
downtown Longview and sorry it might be
a little shaky right now because I'm
running to Caltrain have like 10 minutes
till my train I need to top off my
clipper cards when we came here and we
came to the street with some surprise
like seriously this is the busiest
street are you kidding us hey this is
how it looks like and you know what's
the peculiar thing about the valley if
you come to a club and if you want to
pick up a girl and if you say you work
for Google you're no longer cool like
never state that because everybody works
for Google but if you can't many mothers
shut up and isn't part of the latest Y
Combinator or 500 batch this is so I
guess the Wow looks on the girls faces
okay I'm at the station I won't be late
for my train I was just super scared
that it would be late because the next
one is in 40 minutes and though I love
the valley I don't like that it gets
really really busy in the evening
everybody wants to go to San Francisco
party and I don't want to get in in a
train with all of the seats occupy
itself something else I wanted to tell
you about the valley how it all started
like why is everyone crazy about set
here so you know the company killed in
Parkers the the printers all of that so
these guys they actually started their
technology here and they brought great
minds a lot of other technological
companies follow and this has been
fueled by amazing talent from Stanford
and amazing talent from the universities
that are around this place and this
house just became be place for tech
people to come to
[Music]